So I had just given the story about, um, my time on the USS Blue Ridge.
I was a new chief there, and the unit was basically run by some of
the younger 1st and 2nd class petty officers. We had some kind of conflict
because, um, it was very lax in the unit, and I had to bring
it up toe up to par. That being said, they they were being really,
really overworked. And I think that's part of the reason that they were,
um, being lax because there was no really strong figure toe view
them. And when you come in, when you supposed to come in at seven
o'clock and your going to Iraq around, like 10 or 11 every single day
Saturdays and Sundays included, then of course, you know, if if no
one's like, you know, happening you of your back, then you're gonna,
like be easy. Nobody wants to work 12, 13, 14, 15 hours per day every
single day, right. So, um, in order to get the unit toe where it
needed to be, that's actually what they should have been doing that,
that we had that schedule so we could make it on time. And, yeah,
it required 13, 14, 15 hours per day. Um, but that's because they weren't
working at 100% efficiency. They weren't even working at 60% efficiency,
right? So the response to that was, we'll just keep working
on harder, and I didn't want to do that. I actually wanted to make
them more efficient, but also give them more time. So my goal was,
Hey, you know what? Let's First of all, let's stop working them so
hard, give them more reasonable hours. Once they see that we're giving
them a little bit of more freedom. Hopefully then they'll up their
game to, you know, So it's kind of like the chicken and egg. Uh, we're
not gonna give them freedom until they start working harder. And
I want to do the opposite. I want to give them freedom so that they
could work harder. So that's where my issues and the and the units
on the upper leaderships issues kind of conflicted. But we found a
solution